 Hi, I'm Sabrina and I love Hamilton and American musical, but it's three hours long so I'm gonna compress it into three minutes. Let's go. There's this bastard orphan son of a hornist Scott with a who lives a super depressing life, but he escapes poverty by educating himself and writing a letter in earning a scholarship to King's College. Fast forward to 1776, Hamilton graduates and is now stalking his idol Aaron Burr, who just tells him to shut up and smile, then John Lawrence, her Achilles Mulligan and the Marquis to left by Ed Walkin. In Hamilton is like, I have found my people. And they also are yelling about starting our evolution while Burr's in the corner judging them. But the Revolutionary War starts in general George Washington needs a right hand man. Burr walks in his like, mate, you should pick me and Washington's like, uh, I pick Hamilton. Then in 1780 when there's ball burrs, like, at least there's one thing Hamilton and I are both equal in picking up the ladies. You see those stylish sisters and Jelika, Eliza, and Peggy, well I could and then Angelica and Eliza fall in up with Hamilton. Eliza's helpless so Angelica left her half him even if it means she'll never be satisfied. And then back to the war, Washington appoints Charles Lee as general who proceeds to suck at his job and gets fired. Lee starts playing Washington and Hamilton is like, so much to shoot that guy. Lauren shoots that guy, but they win the war. And that's just a start. Hamilton becomes a lawyer for poses in uniform of government and starts defending a new US constitution by writing 51 essays. Everyone tells him, I'm glad you've done so much. You can come down. And Hamilton is just in the corner, writing more essays. And it's 1789. Thomas Jefferson is coming home from France to become the secretary of state for sort of business. Tell Hamilton to shut up about his new financial system. Now Hamilton is stressing because if he can convince Jefferson he loses his job. Eliza's like, take a break. And Hamilton's like, no, you take a break. So they do when Hamilton gets lonely and cheats on her and gets blackmailed. He goes on the day with Jefferson. They decide to put the capital in the South and exchange for a passing Hamilton's financial plan. All the wild birds just really salty about being left out. Soon enough Hamilton and Jefferson are back to finding when Washington agrees with Hamilton to not support the retrovolution. And now Jefferson and Burr are salty together because Washington just loves Hamilton. And then Washington steps down this president. Without his puppy in charge of salt swat water put the final nail in Hamilton's coffin, blackmail him for emphor abysdling money from the government. And Hamilton's like, no, I didn't do that. I'm just cheating on my wife. Stupid. Before the salt swat the blackmail in two, Hamilton decides to publish a news first and Eliza's just like, dude, and starts hitting fire and stuff. People rightfully start calling Hamilton his gild. But his son Philip is not having it. He challenges a guy to a duel in Hamilton's son. Don't shoot him. Shoot for the sky instead. And surprise surprise. Philip dies. Now Hamilton is family move up town in our really evil. But then 1800 rolls around Jefferson and Burr both running for the presidency. Hamilton is never going to miss a chance to miss with Burr. He privileged Jefferson and Jefferson wins and Burr passively challenges him to a duel. During the duel Hamilton, no learn the single thing from his dead son. Also shoots at the sky and surprise the prize. Hamilton dies. Also Eliza started an orphanage and I cried.